duck breast never be scared about
cooking this bird accent delicious very
healthy first oven on 200 degrees and
then salt pepper now the salt will help
to extract the water out of the fat
nonstick pan no oil but start the duck
breast in the pan cold skin side down it
feels and sounds a little bit weird but
we put them into a cold pan and turn the
heat up gradually it starts to release
the fat if we put them into a hot pan it
seals them in and the fat stays in there
we want to render that fat down 90% of
that duck breast will be cooked on its
skin keeps a duck nice and moist and
more importantly it stays crispy once
the fat comes out turn the duck over
nice high hot heat seal the duck and now
they're going in the oven
skin side down 200 6 to 8 minutes if
your pans got a plastic handle right
then transfer the duck breast onto a
tray but make sure you put the tray into
the oven to get hot first cooking duck
is like cooking a piece of beef and you
can't slice it piping hot all the
goodness runs out just quickly turn it
over push your fingers in there and it's
slightly resistant but still quite
bouncy and that confirms they're quite
pink in the center but the important
part now is leading that to rest let
them cool down and then we'll slice them
keep that excess duck fat and there you
go next time you're starting potatoes
and just take them to a completely
different level now slicing the duck
just slice it an angle not too thin just
slice it thinly it goes cold quickly so
nice thick slices nice crispy skin on
top and a beautiful plump roasted duck
all the white fat gone nice crispy skin
absolutely delicious
nice long strokes so we get the whole of
the blade three fingers one in front two
behind and this part of the knuckle